Thomas Alva Edison my boys and I caught
in a jar but before now is only last
across the night sky the future is here
oh I'm George Westinghouse Nikola Tesla
I will be the greatest provider
electrical power in the world better
than Edison there's a contest between
you this is a battle for the brightest
minds of America today the impossible
becomes possible the man that controls
that current controls the future I hope
you brought your checkbooks you want to
be remembered it's simple shoot a
president but if you prefer to have what
I call a legacy you leave the world a
better place than you found it
you are building miracles out of thin
air I'm working on something so new that
the world would never be the same if mr.
Edison succeeds he will send us back so
far we may never recover sometimes we
have to work outside of the rules to get
what's right
that is how you truly win hey you got
vultures in every venture but did I
mention that his systems lethal his
current kills people he's playing dirty
you can too
you can't see the real force that moves
things of it's not a CDC it's of
Torrance to college saying this is
costing affords Westinghouse time my
mother that is our future
you're fired
they're never gonna be anything named
Tesla ever again our futures not gonna
be paid for bricks fully copper I had
the better sister Westinghouse Electric
shall endure the City of Light but I
built it already in my imagination and
it is perfectly there is a possibility
you'll be putting in jeopardy the lives
of 28 million people tonight things
could change
shake up her all right
only one man would rise
so what'd you trade invent or fix
problems radiates
[Music]